be nice bro , your mom and dad raised you to be good not evil, if you can't do good for anyone at least don't hurt them in any 
way. Remember you are the best version of yourself at present try to be better , try to do better, don't spoil you character 
because of what others think. 
Remember Karma hits hard and it hits really Hard.
Just Be Good & Focus on yourself.

June 06 2023:
I wish I was Spider Man, but somethings are not possible so, let it be but if I had any chance to be Spider man i would've took it.
I miss talking to her while holding her hand in mine but that's what is destined for me and I should accept it no matter what.

June 13 2023:
I told my family about my drinking experiment lol! they were very astounded and my Didi took it really easy but my father was freaked even my mom took it easy though she freaked next day tried to teach me some manners and so on. This made me take a sigh of breath cuz I don't like lying abt anything to my parents and whatever that shit is but I usually hate lying to anyone. So that's it. I'm not at my best right now but I hope I get 60+ in End Sem in each subject this time.
I miss Ritika and that's what is constant.
One more update I stopped using Insta & Snap and minimised listening to songs also(think so), So that was it.
will see you next time till then BE BETTER!

June 28 2023:
I found this :-

It was July 17th, 2014. HOME had officially released a new song as part of the Odyssey album via Midwest Collective at the time called Resonance. Synth wave wasn't that popular at the time unfortunately, but ever since Resonance was released to the public, synth wave became more than a popular music genre, it also became an inspiration. It also helped grow the popularity of vaporwave just like Macintosh Plus did back in the early 2010s. HOME's Resonance was a hit for the synth wave genre and in my perspective, I see it as "The synth wave/vaporwave song that changed over 1 Million human lives since 2014." Ever since July 17th, 2014, Resonance still remains at the #1 spot of the best synth wave/vaporwave songs of all time and it's all thanks to all of you for making that happen and keeping it up on the top. So what did it have to be such a unique and legendary song? Well, what Resonance had was not just the calm soothing tunes and the 1970's 432 Hz upbeats, what it had to be the legendary song that we know was all because of the Nostalgia that it brings to us. The Nostalgia from Resonance takes us to times of our childhoods, times where we never existed yet or even times that bring us happiness. What this means is that Resonance wasn't just your typical song you listen to on the radio, it was far from it, it was actually a Nostalgia generator. Yeah, you read that right, it was indeed a Nostalgia generator, hence that being why you feel so nostalgic every time you listen to it. Resonance is a synth wave and a vaporwave phenomenon that has taken the synth wave and the vaporwave industries to their highest peaks and it makes 2014 an important year for the synth wave and vaporwave music genres because 2014 was the year where HOME released Resonance to the public which would go on to make synth wave and vaporwave popular music genres whilst also changing over 1 Million human lives. HOME's Resonance as a popular synth wave/vaporwave song has also worked well with other songs which have resulted in people creating mashups of Resonance played along with different songs that go well with it. That's not the only thing people have done with Resonance, they've also remixed it... a lot. Some remixes are good, others are legendary, but every time it gets remixed, most people will still prefer the original unedited Resonance. It's incredible to think that HOME's Resonance has caused a shift in synth wave and vaporwave cultures and turned them into the phenomenon that synth wave and vaporwave are now. So what do most people think about HOME's Resonance? Well in my honest perspective from looking at the other comments on Resonance, I would say that most people who listen to Resonance feel bright like the sun, an expression of happiness that stays with them in their hearts as an inspiration in their lives. They also feel a sudden sense of Nostalgia rushing through their brains from specific times in their lives, or from times where they weren't born yet. I can understand that very well because I have also felt those feelings of happiness and nostalgia whilst listening to Resonance. So what I would personally describe about Resonance is that it is popular, it is calming, it is therapeutic, it is nostalgic and it is an inspiration. What you've read might seem long like a documentary, but it's actually left over information about Resonance to help you understand the song better and what makes it so special to the people who listen to it. So to all of you listening to Resonance by HOME, I will say this... You are as legendary as the song itself. Keep that in your head and don't loose it because that is the best source of inspiration in your life. My name is Sup_67, and I hope you all have a fantastic life whilst still being safe and healthy. Take care of yourself and have a wonderful day. :)


I'm so grateful that I get to hear resonance I love it and I feel relieved when I hear it , I think it is specially designed to make me feel good about my life. 
Thanks! Home 
Will see you next time till then BE BETTER!



July 5 2023:
I think I will shift my room today, I will live in my hostel till 9th of this month then I'm gonna go home and I'll come back at end of this month(31st of July).Okay I'll work hard till then at home. They are not my friends they are just guys whom I hangout with, they don't want what's better for me they are just a group of selfish people like a bucket filled with crabs , I'm living with them only because it will become pocket friendly, and nothing else. I'll live my as a lone wolf there, A silent killer. I just want to be the best version of myself the best possible Chinmay Mahajan and I'm  sure that I'll do it!
I haven't used Insta and Snapchat for so many days like almost a month and I won't be using it a near future also till 31 December also I've minimised listening to songs almost like I've stopped listening to songs, Now I just need some space and time to find myself! I haven't been myself lately and I miss Ritika so much that I can't express it here I don't even know either she wants to talk to me or not, I know nothing (😔) will do something great and comeback later! even if she said that she is my best friend I don't know if I'm giving my best to be her best friend. Sorry Ritika if you feel that I'm not giving my best but I'M grateful that you came into my life when I needed someone, Thanks!
I just want to runaway home because I'm currently 100% mentally unstable, and my tolerance can't be tested now. I'm making some plans to execute at home but don't know how many of them will be Successful but let's hope everything plays out well. I watched Meri Pyaari Bindu yesterday and It was such a beautiful movie that I felt in love with the concept of Love , technically the concept of letting go ,I learnt that if something is meant to stay it will stay, and people come and go in life but love happens only once (for MEN!) and after that I just  thought that what am I doing in my life such a beautiful movie and I don't even have a Girlfriend till now like literally fml!
But then I thought that My Life is not meant to go this way I might have something more important in my life something more precious than finding love(I know that there is nothing more precious than Love fuck that !) but still this is not the right time to seek love.

Let's focus on ourselves for now till we become a person who can handle someone else's love, care, needs, mood swings, cravings, hatred etc.

will see you next time till then BE BETTER!



July 17 2023:
I'm at home and I was missing her so I shared 2 songs to her don't know if she'll reply or just react to those songs with an emoji, I don't know what is wrong with me should I talk to her or not because if I talk to her I'll fall for her even more (which I don't  want neither does she!) don't  know what will she reply or even will she reply I just want to talk to her but I don't have any topics to talk about. She hasn't even seen the message I think she is angry with me but for what reason ?? I don't  know , I think I will meet her in December or new year I don't want to spoil what we have but I don't know why do I miss her! and missing her is what has been constant since my birthday but there were exams and practical and all and I got so busy that I never talked to her I don't know what should I do, why isn't she replying I don't know. It's been an hour now I've sent her message, still not seen. Lets see what happens!

P.S: she replied and it was a good and happy convo I loved it! Now I'm happy to die! She's good and I'm also on my path, life is Good! I shouldn't be happy I need pain anger and agony to be productive!

just kidding Need to focus on my life


some things I want to talk about:
1. I will not get acne anymore neither on face nor back or chest!
2. I'm gonna be the best problem solver, an efficient one , best android/web developer and best ever *sde* a company can ever hire, I'll give my life for it.
3. I'm gonna get that *Greek god aesthetic physique* by joining gym ad exercise. I'll get that for sure.
4. I'm gonna be the best version of myself! 

Will see you next time till then BE BETTER!

August 06 2023:
It's almost 12.30am now I'm writing this because I've made my decision it's clear and final I'll join gym from Monday for sure in evening, I'm an athlete and I'll get that aesthetic physique real soon but that's not the end goal the end goal is to go to gym everyday and this is what I need to achieve for sure, another important thing to talk about is this Flatmates some of these are for sure a toxic living being and should leave me alone for good so to confirm their survival or I'm just being killed here.
I'm doing DSA everyday but lagging in Web Dev but I'll cover it with everyday practice. From tomorrow I'm going to stick to the plan.

Will see you next time till then BE BETTER 
   
August 22 2023:
Hey Ritika! How are you? such a petty question ...I don't know it's almost 6 in the morning and when I woke up I just felt like writing this down. Today when I woke up I was missing you I don't know how that would happen maybe it was dynamic but I'd rather like to leave it to destiny cause it makes me feel better, I hope I'll not regret writing this down because that's what happens when you know someone needs you, you start to avoid them, because normal human nature is to avoid any kind of responsibilities just hope that I won't regret writing this down....

So, it's been almost 6 months that we took each other's hands and sat down on BRT bridge and listened to pretty songs and talked about life and where I saw you closely and realised how beautiful you really are... where I thought that this moment needs to be stopped forever, where time felt like going faster than ever(and I remember telling you that when you're having good time , time will move faster...), where I made a promise to myself and to you of course that I'll never leave you and I'll always be there for you whenever you need me and we both vowed that we will not fall for each other but can I tell you one thing that you probably might not know,(You loved me even though you didn't wanted to , and that was dynamic for sure that's why we were afraid that we would hurt each other which we eventually did) It took us only 6 hours to become someone special in each other's life from being unknown to each other , like you didn't even know that I existed in IT branch, And It took me almost 3 months to message you that (Hey Ritika, I think that you're really beautiful, can I ask you out for a coffee ?? ) It was such a burden for me that I can never express in words...

I felt loved talking to you when you're hand was mine and I felt this is what is Love is for me it doesn't matter what happens in life in future and what happened in past for that moment I was definitely *Alive and I was happy for life* I don't know what destiny had in mind but you were home and then life completely changed maybe you got a reality check and then you gave me a reality check and I forgot about living life in present and hoping that someday I'll be better while I could've been happy in the present moment because nobody knows if there is a tomorrow or not...
That time was precious when we could talk each other until midnight for each day and there was still so much to talk about, even silence felt enjoyable while being with you, I don't know but I wish that I'll always be that one guy whom you'll approach whenever you felt you needed someone... When I was at home for 2 months I don't know what happened here but you were completely changed you are not that Ritika that used to talk to me whatever might be the circumstances, I'm writing this because I know that I'll forget everything I want to tell you after I see you , I know that people come and go but still I wanted to tell you after one of my friend (his name is Chinmay btw) told me that time runs fast tell her what you want to tell her because you don't know what will happen next second...
So here I am writing this down first thing in the morning and I wish I am there (with your hand in mine of course cause its our signature style... and I love my love my signature styles cuz they're absolute perfection) while I read this out for you ,and I could see expressions on your face that how much of this was true for you too or was it only me who was dreaming... 

I hope I'll still love being with you because that's what it is all about, because I felt my day was happy when I talked to you and I hope it was dynamic, I hope you find yourself happiness but while doing so I be there with you, I wish when you're facing any difficulties in life I be there with you, I hope when you are thinking to cope up with silence ......I be there with you...


Yours lovingly,
Chinmay.


September 10 2023:

I think all that is written below is my overthinking but still I'm sad and I don't want to be sad, I don't deserve to be happy but not sad also and I need her to bring back my happiness , Where are you now that I need you ??? I think all this is happening because I am listening lifetime now and it's a really beautiful but sad song !Need to Do something to get back on track in life. I'M out my head !!!

They say people get bored of each other, I'll say people who get bored of each others after some time, don't fall for a person, they fall for the wall a person creates of his/her personality to impress the other one , now the attraction towards this wall will stay only for some time and that's why people tend to avoid the other half (so called) , and now you'll get frustrated that why did I sent you this because I think this is time where we should say goodbye to each other because It's hurtful for me and I didn't wanted to take you to my heart but I did even if I'll lie about it till I die but it's truth and I don't lie (ever). It hurts that we don't talk anymore like we used to do and it's the worst because we came close so fast and got detached and now we act like we are nobody to each other & now I talk to you only in my diary and it's filled with your name as outro I miss her and that's what is constant... So Let's not tear and make it worse more than it already is, I know this is going to kill me but still I'm daring to send this to you maybe this is where it all ends...
Goodbye 👋🏼

With or without love, life goes on &
I miss her & that's what is constant

Yours lovingly,
Chinmay.

Will see you next time till then BE BETTER !!!


September 18 2023:

It's ended with Ritika on September 15!
Sed 

Will see you next time till then take care

November 10 2023:

It's been a while since I last talked to you so many things happened and now I don't wanna talk about it, all what's happened is happened and nothing can be done about it. So, I guess we'll just study by creating a plan and follow it !
Will see you later till then BE BETTER !!!


January 14 2024:
So many things happened but the worst thing is She told someone else that I acted cheaply with her !
Following text is going on my Instagram story on the day of my birthday and then I will delete it again:
To whomever this may concern -
I guess for someone to play God, someone has to play evil & I guess I played that part in many of you people's stories, I'm sorry for the inconvenience of me not giving a f*ck about that, If you consider me as your friend don't read this further because you know who am I and how much my friends matter to me cuz this is just the face of the devil you'll see in this text (This might not be for you my friend).If you think that I acted *CHEAP*  with you in any way then I'm sorry that you fell for this cheap guy and one thing is for sure I might be so truthful that you'll like to kill me on saying it but grow a back first & if you think that I was *CHEAP* with you in any way, come say it to my face, Don't act like a bitch and be at least honest with yourself cuz I know my character & thanks to you that I know yours too 
and Fuck your birthday wishes just go and cry like a bitch & stop talking about me to anyone just stop it! *FUCK YOU FOREVER*
Good BYE & THANX for this lesson!

July 17 2024 :
This is a follow up paragraph for the above paragraph, whatever I have said earlier about her I feel sorry for it like I might kill myself, I'm sorry Ritika if you ever read this paragraph just leave it unread I don't know what got into me but it was all written by me.

February 10 2024:
She might have did so many things but I met her physically last time on November 22 in night and One thing is that she acted in a good manners with me that day then later on I sent her a reel on 9th of December as I remember and then I never talked to her neither did I message her nor did I call her and neither did she.
I saw her in last week on 5th of Feb she was looking at me and even she waved at me but I was in too much aggression that I didn't wave back she was standing in B building and later on when I was talking with Nidhi she got out of B building and came to A building and passed in front me looking at me like a "ghayal sherni" but then also I looked straight in her eyes while she was passing I felt guilty after doing such thing but I didn't how to react, I guess whatever I did was right because if she wanted to talk she could've talked but she didn't so, it's not my problem , I don't even want to talk to her because if I talk to her now she's going to face the devil Cheems who will really haunt her for the rest of her life!

I miss her & that's what is constant

(Chinmay is really a little whining kid like just forget it bro, move on with your life !!!)


July 17 2024:
Hi, today i watched a Malayali movie Premalu kind of romantic comedy, it actually reminded me that I can never have a happy ending and that was really true, I might never even feel what is true love, but while writing this I know one thing that I truly do deserve love and Prabhu Shree Ram knows what is written in my destiny. This note is for little Chinmay



WATCH PREMALU WHEN YOU GET PLACED 

(I miss her & that's what is constant)

You are gonna be alright, You'll achieve everything you ever dreamt of, just keep doing the good work and don't ever worry about anything...

BE BETTER, BE GREATER!

December 01 2024:
Hi, following is something that I'm going to send to Ritika because I'm too desperate for her and I don't know what I'm doing or what I want to do in my life and I don't even want to live (not gonna kill myself so don't worry about that!)

Dear Ritika, 
I hope this be my last message to you along with the text file that I don't know if I'll send you or not but still, So, I'm not drunk right now. First things first I'm sorry that I drunk texted you and you had to watch me breakdown but you didn't hesitate to block me and that shows that you don't care about someone who is at his/her fucking lowest, that shows that you could never consolidate someone, of course you might act that you care for them but you never actually do, it's just the showcasing part. I've heard so many stories about you now that I don't even know which ones are true and which ones are lies and to be honest I don't even wanna know which ones are true or not, it just feels like I never actually met you I just saw the mask of personality that you wore in front of every guy or male friend you meet because you want to be nice to them. Shouldn't have called Atharva, no need to involve him in between us because he has his own life, he has his own problems. It feels like I never knew you and to be honest I don't think that I will ever want to know you again, You have tore me apart in so many pieces now that I don't even know which are mine and which are not supposed to join back with me. I don't know anything about life, I've been so consumed with my own thoughts that I can't come out of it, I know this is going to hurt you and I think it should, because YOU definitely deserve to get hurt, you'll never find happiness in your life. Sorry that was out of my way talking right there, but yeah whatever you give, comes back to you.
I read a quote one of these days, it said, "If you want someone truly and you love them, then they will come back to you and if they don't then they were never yours and you didn't lose them but they DID lose you!", I think this quote made me wander all this shit that did you ever actually felt that Chinmay is such a good guy, he is well spoken, tries to be well mannered, can be good at something if he really wants to try it out and still I didn't gave him the chance? 
Yeah don't think so.
I wasn't supposed to drunk text you but still I did because I never wanted any regrets in my life, I wanted to be real from inside as well as outside, I want to be truthful to myself at least so when I'm dying I don't feel remorse about my life, I don't think that you showed those texts to someone and have had a laugh at them but if you did then I hope that you and your friends had a good laugh, and if this message is being read by someone other than Ritika then I hope that you know that who you're for real and look yourself in mirror and say that "Your" conscience isn't actually broken.
I think that I don't deserve being loved, because I'm too fucked up for that shit, I literally saw dreams of you but I hope they don't come true, because I don't want any of it now, I want to be in this zone for some time, and as they say 'Man suffers more in his imagination than in reality'. 
Don't think that I could speak this much in front of you without my heart melting or breaking out that's why this text message. I don't know what I want to achieve from sending this to you, I don't know what I will gain from this but let it be sometimes things aren't done to get something out of it, but rather to just do it.
Good Bye Ritika!

December 24, 2024:
Dear Ritika, 
I'm drunk, don't know why 😅, sometimes *you* are the reason that I'm drunk !! but other times also you're in the back of my mind after being drunk and even when I'm sober, so let's talk;)
all these mf are my friends, let's face it they will always be my companions of 4 years of college life. You on the other hand are love of my life so, no compromise for you. there will never be an option for you, even though you treated as one, still when that wave of loneliness hits me you're the first thought on my mind, then again sometimes I think, you're not even my wife still you have so many tantrums, wo it will be heck of a life if you and I married, even better one if you started loving me, then your life will be gone, cause I know, if you ever get attached to me, then there is no turning back, even now before I sent this message, you'd be thinking about me, I know that for sure!
Some things are there that you've done and I think that those were life's worst mistakes(for you), I'm sorry I can't forgive you for them I don't know what is truth till now, And I don't think I'll ever know, until and unless you yourself tell me what is on your mind, rather than telling me that your family won't agree and all that other bullshit, what do you want ? is the question rather than asking what does your family want!
I'll give you better one, is it your family that is going to spend the rest of the lifetime with your *"to be husband, or you ?"* 
then why don't you decide what do you want in your life...
Let me know what is your decision!!!
Love You!
Chinmay
Good Bye Ritika!
January 01, 2025:
Dear Chinmay, this is for you I'm drunk right now and I don't know if I'm gonna send this to Ritika ever or not, but I want tell you that, if you're reading this when I'm not there, then you should know that you don't deserve someone that doesn't even love you and don't even think about you like ever(even in when happy or sad or lonely!).So, please Chinmay please stop finding love because you've wasted your all time till now, of whole college life trying to find love which I don't guess you'll find now or ever!
You're not meant for love, you're meant for only pain and suffering.
Chinmay, please suffer, cause more you suffer, and more you're in pain I feel I'm alive, cause you drink like a f*cker and more you drink and more you're woke in night, alone, I feel ALIVE! so be alone be sad!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dear Ritika fuck that above paragraph I didn't write it! for sure!
Be Happy this year, BE Beautiful like you are! I don't think I know you anymore so, be just like you were to me when we first met!
Lots of Love and Wishes!
Happy New Year❤️!
I haven't even wished my homies till now so I have to do it first thing in morning!
Bye Be Happy, Good Bye!